Von: Schuh, Manfred
Gesendet: Montag, 6. März 2000 17:20
An: DMS Marketwatch
Betreff: WG: DOC.1 Vol. 6, Issue 3, March 6, 2000



-----Ursprüngliche Nachricht-----
Von: AIIM International [mailto:doc1dist@aiim.org]
Gesendet: Montag, 6. März 2000 16:56
An: AIIMMembers@aiim.org
Betreff: DOC.1 Vol. 6, Issue 3, March 6, 2000


DOC.1
Vol. 6, Issue 3, March 6, 2000
Your Eye on the
Document Management Industry(r)

AIIM 2000 will be held from April 9-12 at the Javits Convention Center in 
New York. For more information or to register, go to http://www.aiim2000.com

________________________________
Forms Processing
________________________________

BancTec (Dallas, TX) launched its PayCourier Wholesale, a wholesale lockbox 
processing product and its latest addition to the PayCourier line of 
payment processing applications. The product is designed to address 
business-to-business invoice data volume by capturing and reading data from 
invoices and other unstructured payment documents. After transactions are 
initiated, PayCourier using the Plexus FloWare workflow engine to 
distribute work automatically. The product is designed to let lockbox 
clients download receivables files directly to the bank for automated 
invoice matching. http://www.banctec.com

________________________________
Internet/intranet
________________________________

Cypress Corp. (Rochester Hills, MI) introduced its Cypress.Web, a 
customizable Web interface and e-business portal. Cypress.Web is a portal 
into Cypress, the company's Information Retrieval Architecture designed to 
allow enterprises to use existing applications and environments to deliver 
information to employees, partners and customers, as needed. The product 
captures, indexes and archives all the materials in the DocuVault document 
repository. Additionally, while providing organizations with real-time 
access to all their enterprise documents and reports, Cypress.Web provides 
a secure e-business portal for 24/7 access to pertinent account or company 
information. http://www.cypress.com

NetPaper.com (Woburn, MA) released its CAMPUS, an Internet-based 
application designed to automate the entire process of creating, publishing 
and distributing course packs and other customized university teaching 
materials. Using a standard Web browser, professors can select materials 
from a Website catalog that can be combined with their own material to 
create customized teaching materials and books. CAMPUS assembles the end 
product, which may either be viewed or printed and delivered 
electronically. NetPaper said it will integrate the system with Danka's 
digital print systems for the university market. http://www.netpaper.com

KnoWare (Baltimore, MD) released version 3.0 of its Internet Neighborhood 
FTP software. Internet Neighborhood, a remote file management system, was 
first introduced in 1997. With version 3.0, the product now extends Windows 
Explorer functionality to include the ability to drag-and-drop files from 
the Windows desktop directly to remote servers. New features include the 
ability to transfer files between remote servers without first downloading 
them to the user's machine. http://www.knoware.com

________________________________
Conferences/seminars
________________________________

Penton Media (Exton, PA) will sponsor the Enterprise Systems Expo (ESE) as 
part of IMET 2000 Oct. 10-12 at the Rosemont Convention Center, Rosemont, 
Ill. The expo will focus on the new technology challenges and new 
opportunities for manufacturers around the globe, especially on providing 
comprehensive applications from back office ERP systems to front office 
customer service applications. http://www.enterprisesystemsexpo.com

The Yankee Group and Concentus Technology Corp. will sponsor "How To Create 
The Right Platform For B2B E-Business Success" on March 15 at 1 p.m. EDT. 
This free one-hour interactive virtual seminar will demonstrate how a true 
Process Platform will benchmark the most successful migrations to 
e-commerce in the business-to-business arena. You'll have the opportunity 
to hear from and interact with: Lisa Williams, director of the Enterprise 
Commerce Applications Practice, The Yankee Group; and Dr. Jay Ramanathan, 
CTO and founder, Concentus Technology Corp. To reserve your spot for this 
free webcast: e-mail webcast@concentus-tech.com or 
http://www.concentus-tech.com



________________________________
Financials
________________________________

Cyco Software (Atlanta, GA) announced it has received a multi-million 
dollar guilder second-round investment from three European firms, including 
Man and Machine Software AG.

Hummingbird Communications has acquired certain assets of Diamond Head 
Software, a developer of document imaging and storage management applications.

Rimage Corp. (Minneapolis, MN) announced that it has signed a definitive 
agreement to acquire Cedar Technologies, a manufacturer of CD-R desktop 
publishing and duplication equipment.

________________________________
AIIM News
________________________________

IIM2000: Global Information in the 21st Century Conference and Exhibition, 
presented by the Institute for Information Management Ltd - an affiliate of 
AIIM International - will take a strategic look at doing business in the 
digital economy of the 21st century, and the information management 
infrastructure required to achieve this. Presentations and exhibitions will 
focus on e-commerce; global call centers; virtual organizations; knowledge 
management; global legal developments in the electronic market; and much 
more. The event will be held in Melbourne, Australia, on 14-17 May 2000, 
and full details are available at the IIM website, located at 
http://www.iim.org.au. The IIM2000 event will bring together key people 
from industry throughout the Australasian and Asia/Pacific Region to 
explore current and future developments in the information management and 
related technology areas. A printed brochure may be obtained from the 
IIM2000 Conference Secretariat by advising your mailing details to 
iim@ozemail.com.au

By now you should have received the membership mailing that included the 
Call for the Annual Business Meeting, the nomination of four new members to 
the AIIM Board and the approval of the proposed draft Bylaws.  This 
information along with a copy of the current Bylaws and an annotated 
version of the proposed Bylaws can be found on AIIM's Web Site 
http://www.aiim.org/aiimfile/bylapropsl.htm.  Your vote is 
important.  Please take a few minutes to review the information and return 
your ballot to be received no later than April 11, 2000. If you did not 
receive the mailing, please contact Peggy Linaugh at 301-755-2614 or 
plinaugh@aiim.org.

At its December meeting, AIIM's Board of Directors approved an Education 
Award and a Best Practices Award to be presented at the AIIM 2000 Expo and 
Conference in New York on Tuesday evening, April 11. Below is the 
description of each award. The nomination forms can be downloaded by going 
to the following site: http://www.aiim.org/educ/bestprac/awn/dex.html. If 
you wish a hardcopy, please contact Peggy Linaugh, Staff Liaison to the 
Awards Committee, at 301-755-2614 or plinaugh@aiim.org. The deadline for 
receipt of your completed nomination packet is March 17.

Education Award: This award recognizes AIIM members - individuals and/or 
companies - who have advanced the discipline of information management 
using imaging and document technologies through educational programs 
including, but not limited to, the AIIM Conference and Expo. This award 
shall be made to no more than three individuals or corporations each year.

Best Practices Award: The AIIM Best Practices award was established to 
recognize personal or organizational excellence in the document and process 
management technology field. One award is granted for each AIIM region on 
an annual basis. The award is open to all AIIM members, both individual and 
organizations, and is based on superior accomplishments in the use of 
document and process-management technology. This award is specifically 
focused on accomplishments in the e-business arena.

________________________________
Quicktakes
________________________________

Ultera Systems (Laguna Hills, CA) has signed six vendors to support its 
DVD-R Multimaster array controller, including Daikin U.S. Comtec 
Laboratories, Prassi Software USA, Smart Storage, Astarte GbmH, Gear 
Software and HyCD.

Drexler Technology Corp. (Mountain View, CA) announced a 12-month, $3.2 
million capital-investment plan to expand LaserCard production capacity 
from 7 million digital optical memory cards per year to about 11 million 
cards per year by March 2001.

Informative Graphics Corp. (Phoenix, AZ) announced an agreement with 
Collaborative Structures, a provider of Internet-based communications 
applications. Collaborative will incorporate the Brava! Java-based viewing 
software system with its FirstLine product.

FileNET (Costa Mesa, CA) and Interwoven (Sunnyvale, CA) announced a 
partnership under which they'll develop an integrated application aimed at 
the insurance and financials services sectors interested in better using 
the Web to leverage corporate content.

ACOM Solutions (Long Beach, CA) introduced its MICR kit for companies that 
need to generate checks with standard office model Xerox DocuPrint N series 
laser printers. http://www.acom.com.

Bluestone Software (Philadelphia, PA) announced the launch of its 
next-generation corporate Website. Located at http://www.bluestone.com, the 
new site was designed, developed and delivered on Bluestone's 
Total-e-Business platform by ClearLogic, an e-Media Solutions Company and 
member of Bluestone's Code Blue Developer Program.

2000SPowerize.com (San Jose, CA), an investment research firm on the 
Internet, announced the availability of its Enterprise Portal Service.

Procom Technology (Santa Ana, CA), a manufacturer of server appliances, 
announced that it intends to distribute its implementation of the NetBEUI 
(Network Basic Extended User Interface) stack to the Linux community.

Overland Data (San Diego, CA), a provider of tape backup products, has 
extended its support for Storage Area Network (SAN) technology with the 
introduction of its SANPiper (a SCSI-to-Fibre Channel bridge), bringing the 
benefits of SAN technology to users of Overland's line of tape libraries 
and autoloaders.

Open Text Corp. (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) announced that its Livelink has 
been selected as the collaborative intranet standard for United States 
Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA). NAVSEA is responsible for the design, 
manufacture, lifecycle management and maintenance of all U.S. Navy ships 
and submarines and their respective weapons systems.

Spatial (Boulder, CO) announced the availability of CAD file translation 
and repair services for users of Pro/ENGINEER and CATIA CAD/CAM/CAE 
software systems.

Hummingbird Communications (Toronto, Canada) announced the State 
Corporation Commission of the Commonwealth of Virginia has selected 
Hummingbird CompInfo to provide software for a new case and document 
management system.

Oce-USA (New York, NY) has formed the Network Printing Solutions (NPS) 
business group as an offshoot of its traditional Document Printing Systems 
division.

American Management Systems (Fairfax, VA) announced that Carilion Health 
System has implemented AMS' healthcare document management and workflow 
application, RecordLink for Health Information Management (HIM).

AMS also signed a partnership agreement with Interface Systems (Ann Arbor, 
MI). Interface will provide its L2i Internet data mining technology to AMS 
users.

Peerless Systems Corp. (El Segundo, CA) announced the company's 
collaboration on the design, development and delivery of Canon's LBP-1000 
1200 dpi networkable printer for corporate workgroups and small businesses. 
The LBP 1000 is the first product to ship with Peerless' SyntheSys controller.

TROY XCD announced that it has extended the capabilities of its NetSend 
print servers with support for the Internet Printing Protocol (IPP), an 
emerging international standard endorsed by most major printer manufacturers.

Bamboo Solutions (Herndon, VA) announced a strategic alliance with Sigma 
Exallon Systems AB (Sweden). Through this alliance, the companies will 
collaborate to bring shop/production floor information to key executives in 
manufacturing enterprises through the means of personal palm-based devices.

Moore Corp. (Bannockburn, IL) has selected Impresse's e-commerce 
application, impresse.com, as a print e-commerce application for Moore's 
commercial print customers.

J.P. Morgan (New York, NY) has selected IBM's software applications to help 
build and run its technology infrastructure, replacing its existing legacy 
applications with the DB2 Universal Database and VisualAge for Java.

BISYS (Little Falls, NJ) has signed an outsourcing agreement with CIGNA 
Retirement and Investment Services.

BISYS also announced that its Fund Services division has been hired by 
Kensington Strategic Realty Fund to perform transfer agency, fund 
accounting and fund administration services.

ByteQuest announced the certification of its records management application 
by the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) in accordance with the DoD 5015.2 
RMA Standard.

Alysis Technologies (Emeryville, CA), a provider of electronic bill payment 
and presentment (EBPP) and electronic statement presentment (ESP) software, 
announced that the first of several U. S. and foreign pending patent 
applications has been issued. This technology allows data mining directly 
from printstreams. The patented technology, developed in-house at Alysis, 
lets companies tap into legacy data sources and mine customer information.

Mitek Systems (San Diego, CA) has installed CheckQuest, a proof of deposit 
check imaging application, at Two River Community Bank (Middletown, NJ).


Primary Knowledge (New York, NY) announced a new address. The company is 
now headquartered at 100 Broadway, New York, NY 10005.

Marcan (Bellevue, WA) named Patrick Mazzuca as its national sales manager 
for the company's line of DVD and CD-ROM duplication and storage systems.

Top Image Systems (TiS; Tel Aviv, Israel) announced that Dan Inbar has been 
appointed managing director of its subsidiary, e-Mobilis.

Parametric Technology Corp. (PTC; Waltham, MA) announced that C. Richard 
Harrison has been named president and CEO.

Insci-statements.com (Westborough, MA) named Dana Johnston as its new 
senior vice president of sales and marketing.

____________________________________________
DOC.1--Your Eye on the Document Management Industry is an exclusive benefit 
of Individual membership in AIIM International and may not be reproduced or 
redistributed without the written consent of AIIM International. Copyright 
2000 by AIIM International. All rights reserved. Please forward all address 
changes to DOC1@aiim.org <mailto:DOC1@aiim.org> .

AIIM International, 1100 Wayne Ave., Ste. 1100, Silver Spring, MD 20910, 
301/587-8202
http://www.aiim.org



